To train GAN:
    1. Nagivate to /ZeldaGAN-LSI/GANTrain
    2. Run "python GANTrainingZ.py --nz x --seed y" where x is the dimensionality of the latent vector space desired (16 recommended). Other training options are available and can be veiwed via "python GANTrainingZ.py -h"
    3. A model will be saved as a .pth file, by defualt in /ZeldaGAN-LSI/GANTrain/group125 (this folder can be changed on 58 if desired).
    
To generate random rooms from a GAN model:
    1. Navigate to /ZeldaGAN-LSI/GANTrain
    2. Run "python myrunZ.py --nz x --model_epochs y --model_seed z --num__levels w" where the model .pth file is saved at /ZeldaGAN-LSI/GANTrain/saved/netG_epoch_y_z.pth, x is the same as the x argument used when training the model and w is the number of levels desired.
    3. The rooms will be saved as .json files in /ZeldaGAN-LSI/GANTrain/saved and some basic evaluation information will be printed.
    
To view levels from .json or .txt:
    1. Navigate to /ZeldaGAN-LSI/GANTrain
    2. Run "python ShowLevelZFancy.py x y" where x is the filepath of the level in question and y specifies the format it's in. y = 0 specifies a .json file, as output by myrunZ.py. y = 1 specifies a .txt file with letter encodings (i.e. a void tile is "-", a monster tile is "M", etc.). y = 2 specifies a .txt file with integer encodings (i.e. a void tile is 0, a monster tile is 4, etc.).
    
To run MAP-Elites, CMA-ME or Random elite generation:
    1. *Important* Edit the file paths specified in the relevant .tml files in /ZeldaGAN-LSI/search/config to match your system. Specifically, you will need to edit a file in /ZeldaGAN-LSI/search/config/experiment to specify the path to your GAN model .pth file.
    Also, in the same file and corresponding file in /ZeldaGAN-LSI/search/config/trial, addresses are currently specified similar to "C:/Users/Richard/Downloads/UniStuff/MLPSem2/ZeldaGAN-LSI/search/config/trial/RANDOM_ZeldaBC.tml" but you will need to change everything up to 'ZeldaGAN-LSI' to match your system (I tried to use relative filepaths to avoid this but it didn't work).
    2. Navigate to /ZeldaGAN-LSI/search
    3. Run "python run_searchZ.py -c x -w y" where x is the number of workers you want to run the experiment on and y is the filepath to the experiment file for the experiment you want to run.
    4. Two .csv files will be saved to /ZeldaGAN-LSI/search/logs. The first contains a record of all rooms generated in terms of their latent vector and behavioural characteristics. The second contains a list of the elites saved at each 1000 rooms generated (i.e. the bottommost row specifies all elites found).
    
To view levels from .csv (such as those generated by run_searchZ.py):
    1. Navigate to /ZeldaGAN-LSI/GANTrain
    2. run "python ShowLevelZFromCSV.py x y" where x is the filepath to the .csv which contains all rooms generated and y is the room index (for example, you may want to use the indeces of the elites specified in the other .csv).
    
    
    
    
If you have any difficulties, try using absolute filepaths rather than relative filepaths when possible.
You can send questions to richardstansfield13@gmail.com
    
